The goal is to have the lowest score at the end of the game.

Choose one player to be the dealer, and a scorekeeper. The scorekeeper will record each player’s score at the end of each round of play.

Shuffle the deck. The player to the left of the dealer cuts the cards. 
The dealer then deals four cards, one at a time and face down, to each player.
The remaining cards are placed face down, in the middle of the table, as the
draw pile. The top card of the draw pile is turned over to start the discard
pile. If that card is a Power card, it is placed back in the deck and another
card is turned over.

Without looking at his cards, each player places his or her four cards face down in a line on the table in front of them.

During the game, players will always have their four cards face down on the
table. To begin the game, players peek at their two outer cards once, then
turn them face down again. Each player now knows the point values of two of
his four cards and needs to remember them during the game.
If either of the outer cards are Power cards, the player keeps them, but they
do not have their powers (described below). Power cards only have their
powers when they are drawn from the top of the draw pile.  
The player to the left of the dealer has the first turn, and play continues in a
clockwise direction.

For each turn, a player may:

1. Draw the top card from the discard pile. This card MUST be used to
replace one of her cards. The card replaced is then discarded, face up, to the
discard pile.

2. Draw the top card from the draw pile. A player may use it to: 
	1. Replace one of her cards
	2. Peek, Swap, or Draw 2 if it is a Power card (see below)
	3. Discard it face up to the discard pile

A player’s choice is based on remembering the values of his four face down
cards. Keep track of what you have so you won’t accidentally replace your
low point cards with high point cards.
During the game, when the draw pile is used up, shuffle the discard pile and
turn it over for a new draw pile.

Power cards only have their powers when you draw them from the draw pile. If a Power card is dealt to you at the beginning of the game, it cannot be used. Because Power cards have no point value, if one of them is among your cards at the end of the game, you must replace it with a card drawn from the draw pile. If a Power card is discarded, it may not be used again by any player.

There are three kinds of Power cards:
1. Peek
	When you draw a Peek card, show it and then peek at any
	one of your cards. Now you will know what you have, or you
	can refresh your memory if you have forgotten what you have.
	Your turn is over and you discard the Peek card.
2. Swap
	When you draw a Swap card, show the Swap card and 
	discard it. You may now switch any one of your cards with
	any card of another player (swapping is optional). Neither player 		can look at either of the cards being swapped. After the swap 		your turn is over.
3. Draw 2
	When you draw a Draw 2 card, show the card and then you
	may take two more turns. First you draw the next card from the
	draw pile. You must decide whether to use this card and forfeit
	the second turn OR discard this card and draw a second card.
	This second card may be used or discarded. Your turn is then
	over. If either of the cards drawn are another Draw 2 card, the
	Draw 2 sequence starts again.

Ending the Round

When a player thinks he has the lowest score and can win the round, he or she may end the round by knocking on the table and saying “rat-a-tat cat” at
the end of their turn. Once they knock, every other player has one more turn.
Each player then turns over their cards. Players replace all Power cards by
drawing from the draw pile. If another Power card is drawn, the player
draws again.

Scoring

Players add the point values of their four cards. This is each player’s score
for the round. The scorekeeper records each player’s score. Remember that
players are trying to get as low a score as possible.

Next Rounds

All cards are collected and passed to the player to the left of the dealer who
reshuffles and deals for the next round.

Ending the Game

The player with the lowest total score at the end of the game is the winner.

A game may be played three ways:
1. Play for a certain number of rounds.
2. Play for a specific length of time.
3. Play to stay in the game and not reach 100 points. When a player 
reaches 100 points, he is out of the game. The last player in the game is 
the winner. Players may also choose to play to 200, or any other number 
of points.